README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Michele Filadelfia</h1>

- 🌱 Computer science student at the University of Pisa

- 👨‍💻 My website [https://michelefiladelfia.github.io/](https://michelefiladelfia.github.io/)

- 💬 Telegram [https://t.me/michefi](https://t.me/michefi)

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=michelefiladelfia&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="michelefiladelfia" /></p>


<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/michelefiladelfia" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="michelefiladelfia" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://instagram.com/michele.filadelfia" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/instagram.svg" alt="michele.filadelfia" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCchNwo4D5VgtJmExy8HXlmQ" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/youtube.svg" alt="ucchnwo4d5vgtjmexy8hxlmq" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=michelefiladelfia&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="michelefiladelfia" /></p>

Commit message:

Enhance README with internship details and project link
Updated personal information and added project link.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Michele Filadelfia</h1>

- 🌱 Computer science student at the University of Pisa and ex-Qualcomm intern

- 📱 (Project I developed in my internship in Qualcomm)[https://github.com/quic/qidk/tree/master/Solutions/GenAI/speech_to_image]

- 👨‍💻 My website [https://michelefiladelfia.github.io/](https://michelefiladelfia.github.io/)

- 💬 Telegram [https://t.me/michefi](https://t.me/michefi)

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=michelefiladelfia&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="michelefiladelfia" /></p>


<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/michelefiladelfia" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="michelefiladelfia" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://instagram.com/michele.filadelfia" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/instagram.svg" alt="michele.filadelfia" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCchNwo4D5VgtJmExy8HXlmQ" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/youtube.svg" alt="ucchnwo4d5vgtjmexy8hxlmq" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=michelefiladelfia&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="michelefiladelfia" /></p>
